ALL RIGHT, HERE WE GO.
1999. THE
YEAR OF JOEY.
YEAH.
WE'RE VERY HAPPY FOR YOU.
WHAT'S THE
MATTER?
WE WANTED TO KISS AT
MIDNIGHT, BUT NOBODY
ELSE IS GOING TO
SO, YOU KNOW...
ALL RIGHT. I'LL
TAKE CARE OF IT.
JOEY...
33... 32... 31...
ROSS! ROSS!
ROSS, LISTEN.
WHO ARE YOU KISSING AT MIDNIGHT?
RACHEL OR PHOEBE?
WHAT?
YOU GOT TO KISS
SOMEONE. CAN'T
KISS YOUR SISTER.
WELL, WHO'S GOING
TO KISS MY SISTER?
CHANDLER.
OH, MAN. REALLY?
WHO WOULD YOU
RATHER HAVE KISS
HER? ME OR CHANDLER?
THAT'S A GOOD POINT.
YEAH.
UH, WELL SINCE I HAVE
THAT WHOLE HISTORY
WITH RACHEL,
I GUESS PHOEBE.
OKAY. GREAT.
PHEEBS! PHEEBS!
LISTEN--
ROSS WANTS TO KISS YOU
AT MIDNIGHT.
IT'S SO OBVIOUS.
WHY DOESN'T HE JUST ASK?
RACHE... RACHE, LISTEN.
I'M GOING TO KISS
YOU AT MIDNIGHT.
WHAT?
EVERYONE'S GOT TO.
CAN'T KISS ROSS.
YOU GOT HISTORY.
SO?
SO, WHO WOULD
YOU RATHER
HAVE KISS YOU,
ME OR CHANDLER?
OH, GOOD POINT.
YEAH.
All:
THREE... TWO... ONE...
HAPPY NEW YEAR!
( blowing party horns )
HAPPY NEW YEAR.
HAPPY NEW YEAR,
PHEEBS.
YOU, TOO.
HAPPY NEW YEAR, JOEY.
SO, THAT DO
ANYTHING FOR YOU?
♪ SO NO ONE TOLD YOU
LIFE WAS GONNA BE THIS WAY ♪
♪ YOUR JOB'S A JOKE,
YOU'RE BROKE ♪
♪ YOUR LOVE LIFE'S D.O.A. ♪
♪ IT'S LIKE YOU'RE ALWAYS
STUCK IN SECOND GEAR ♪
♪ WHEN IT HASN'T BEEN
YOUR DAY, YOUR WEEK ♪
♪ YOUR MONTH,
OR EVEN YOUR YEAR ♪
♪ BUT I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ WHEN THE RAIN STARTS TO POUR ♪
♪ I'LL BE THERE FOR YOU ♪
♪ LIKE I'VE BEEN THERE BEFORE ♪
♪ 'CAUSE YOU'RE THERE
FOR ME, TOO. ♪
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I'M GOING TO GO
OUT ON A LIMB AND SAY
NO DIVORCES IN '99!
YEAH, BABY!
( blowing horns )
BUT YOU'RE DIVORCE
ISN'T EVEN FINAL YET.
JUST THE ONE DIVORCE IN '99!
YEAH, BABY!
( blowing horns )
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I AM GOING TO BE HAPPY
THIS YEAR.
I AM GOING TO MAKE MYSELF HAPPY.
DO YOU WANT US TO
LEAVE THE ROOM OR...?
EVERY DAY, I AM GOING
TO DO ONE THING
I HAVE NEVER DONE BEFORE.
THAT, MY FRIENDS,
IS MY NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION.
OOH! THAT'S A GOOD ONE.
YEAH.
MINE IS TO PILOT
A COMMERCIAL JET.
OH...
THAT'S A GOOD ONE, TOO, PHEEBS.
NOW ALL YOU HAVE TO DO
IS FIND A PLANELOAD OF PEOPLE
WHOSE RESOLUTION
IS TO PLUMMET TO THEIR DEATHS.
MAYBE YOUR RESOLUTION
SHOULD BE NOT TO MAKE
FUN OF YOUR FRIENDS
ESPECIALLY THE ONES
WHO MAY SOON
BE FLYING YOU
TO EUROPE FOR FREE
ON THEIR OWN PLANE.
SHE HAS A BETTER CHANCE
OF SPROUTING WINGS
AND FLYING UP YOUR NOSE
THAN YOU DO
OF NOT MAKING FUN OF US.
IN FACT, I'LL BET YOU 50 BUCKS
YOU CAN'T GO THE WHOLE YEAR
WITHOUT MAKING FUN OF US.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
BETTER YET-- A WEEK.
I'LL TAKE THAT BET, MY FRIEND.
AND YOU KNOW WHAT?
PAYING ME THE 50 BUCKS CAN BE
THE "NEW THING" YOU DO THAT DAY.
AND IT STARTS RIGHT NOW.
ALL RIGHT,
MY NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION
IS TO LEARN HOW
TO PLAY GUITAR.
REALLY? HOW COME?
WELL, YOU KNOW THOSE,
UH, SPECIAL SKILLS
I HAVE LISTED
ON MY RESUME?
WELL, I WOULD LOVE IT
IF ONE OF THOSE WAS TRUE.
DO YOU WANT ME TO TEACH YOU?
I'M A GREAT TEACHER.
OH, REALLY? WHO HAVE YOU TAUGHT?
WELL, I TAUGHT ME
AND I LOVED ME.
OH, THAT'D BE GREAT.
YEAH. THANKS, PHEEBS.
OH, LOOK--
BLAIR FORGOT HER GLASSES
AND SHE'S GOING
TO REALLY BE
NEEDING THESE
TO KEEP AN
EYE ON THAT
BOYFRIEND
WHO, FROM WHAT I HEAR
NEEDS TO KEEP HIS STAPLER
IN HIS DESK DRAWER
IF YOU KNOW WHAT I'M
TALKING ABOUT.
HEY, RACHE, MAYBE YOUR
RESOLUTION SHOULD BE
TO, UM... GOSSIP LESS.
I DON'T GOSSIP.
( sarcastic chuckles )
MAYBE SOMETIMES
I FIND OUT THINGS
OR I HEAR SOMETHING AND I
PASS THAT INFORMATION ON.
YOU KNOW, KIND OF LIKE
A PUBLIC SERVICE.
DOESN'T MEAN
I'M A GOSSIP.
I MEAN, WOULD YOU
CALL TED KOPPEL A GOSSIP?
WELL, IF TED KOPPEL TALKED ABOUT
HIS CO-WORKER'S BOTCHED
BOOB JOBS, YEAH, I WOULD.
THEY WERE LIKE THIS!
I'LL SEE YOU
TOMORROW.
OKAY.
HEY.
HEY
I JUST ASKED THAT GIRL OUT.
NICE.
NICE... YEAH.
IS THAT PART
OF YOUR RESOLUTION?
YOUR "NEW THING"
FOR TODAY?
YES, IT IS.
SEE?
"ELIZABETH...
...HORNSWOGGLE"?
THAT'S RIGHT.
ELIZABETH... HORNSWOGGLE.
HORN... SWOGGLE?
YOU OKAY, CHANDLER?
IS THERE SOMETHING...?
SOMETHING FUNNY
ABOUT THAT NAME?
NO. NO. I JUST THINK
THAT MAYBE I'VE...
I'VE HEARD IT SOMEWHERE BEFORE.
OH, REALLY?
WHERE?
SOMEWHERE FUNNY, I'LL BET.
HEY...
GUESS WHAT?
I HAVE A DATE
WITH, UH...
ELIZABETH
HORNSWOGGLE.
HORNSWOGGLE?
OH, THIS MUST BE KILLING YOU.
SEE YOU LATER.
SEE YOU.
ALL RIGHT, PHEEBS, I AM READY
FOR MY FIRST LESSON.
OKAY.
OH, NO, NO.
YOU DON'T TOUCH
THE GUITAR.
NO. NO. FIRST,
YOU LEARN HERE.
THEN YOU LEARN HERE.
OH... OKAY.
OKAY--
LESSON ONE.
CHORDS.
NOW, UM, I DON'T KNOW
THE ACTUAL NAMES OF THE CHORDS
UM, BUT I-I-I
MADE UP NAMES
FOR THE WAY MY HAND LOOKS
WHILE I'M DOING THEM.
SO, THEN
THIS IS "BEAR CLAW."
OKAY. UM,
"TURKEY LEG..."
AND "OLD LADY."
WHAT AN INTERESTING APPROACH
TO GUITAR INSTRUCTION.
YOU KNOW, SOME MIGHT
FIND IT AMUSING.
I, MYSELF, FIND IT REGULAR.
HEY, EVERYBODY.
RACHEL WAS SO
GOOD TODAY.
SHE DIDN'T GOSSIP AT ALL.
I DIDN'T.
EVEN WHEN I FOUND OUT...
UM... ALL RIGHT...
WELL, LET'S JUST SAY
I FOUND OUT SOMETHING
ABOUT SOMEONE
AND LET'S JUST SAY...
SHE'S GOING TO KEEP IT.
HEY, PHEEBS.
CHECK THIS OUT.
OOH! YOU-YOU NAILED
THE "OLD LADY."
OH!
YEAH...
YEAH. LISTEN, SO--
I THOUGHT I WAS
GETTING BETTER
SO, ON MY WAY HOME TODAY
I STOPPED BY THIS
GUITAR STORE AND...
DID YOU-DID YOU TOUCH
ANY OF THE GUITARS
WHILE YOU WERE THERE?
DID YOU?
NO.
GIVE ME YOUR HANDS.
STRINGS.
GIVE IT.
PICK.
OH!
DO YOU WANT TO LEARN
TO PLAY GUITAR?
YES.
THEN DON'T TOUCH ONE!
HI.
HI!
HI, BEN!
AUNTIE MONKIE!
ROSS IS WEARING LEATHER PANTS!
DOES NOBODY ELSE SEE
THAT ROSS IS WEARING
LEATHER PANTS?
SOMEONE! COMMENT
ON THE PANTS!
THEY'RE
VERY NICE.
I REALLY
LIKE THEM.
YEAH.
NICE STUFF.
NOT WHAT I
HAD IN MIND.
SEE, PEOPLE LIKE ROSS
DON'T GENERALLY WEAR
THESE TYPES OF PANTS.
YOU SEE, THEY'RE
VERY TIGHT.
MAYBE THERE'S
SOMETHING IN
THAT AREA.
THEY LOOK GOOD.
I LIKE THEM.
WAY TO GO.
THEY LOOK
GREAT.
WHERE DID YOU
GET THEM?
SEE, I... I NEEDED
A NEW THING FOR TODAY
AND THERE'S THIS
LEATHER STORE I GO BY
THAT ALWAYS
SMELLS SO GOOD.
AND I THOUGHT
TO MYSELF, WOW.
YOU KNOW,
I'VE NEVER OWNED
A REALLY GOOD-SMELLING
PAIR OF PANTS BEFORE.
OH, COME ON!
OKAY, SERIOUSLY,
WHAT DO YOU THINK?
AWFUL.
ABSOLUTELY AWFUL.
YEAH. AWFUL.
HEY, WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
WHAT ARE YOU DOING?
IT'S MY NEW YEAR'S
RESOLUTION.
TO BLIND MY CHILD?
NO. TO TAKE MORE
PICTURES OF ALL
OF US TOGETHER.
I MEAN, I REALLY
THINK IT'S THE
BEST RESOLUTION
BECAUSE EVERYONE
CAN ENJOY THE
PICTURES.
WELL, EVERYONE WILL
ENJOY MY MUSIC AS WELL.
Ross:
OH, MY GOD.
THESE PANTS-- I'M BURNING UP.
SHE WANTS TO SNUGGLE NOW?
WHAT? IS SHE TRYING TO KILL ME?
IT'S LIKE A VOLCANO IN HERE.
ARE YOU HOT?
NO.
OKAY. MUST JUST
BE ME, THEN.
( pants squeaking )
THAT WAS JUST THE PANTS
ON THE COUCH.
UM, HEY, DO YOU-DO YOU MIND
IF I USE YOUR BATHROOM?
OH, GO AHEAD.
THANKS.
( pants squeaking )
( sighs )
( falsetto ):
AH...
HEY!
MY FAVORITE
PART'S COMING UP!
'KAY.
OH, MY GOD!
"TIGER."
"DRAGON."
"ICEBERG."
JOSEPH, DID YOU EVEN
STUDY AT ALL LAST NIGHT?
YES. YES, I DID.
THEN DO "ICEBERG."
"G" SHARP.
"G" SHARP?
HAVE YOU BEEN STUDYING
THE REAL NAMES OF THE CHORDS?
HAVE YOU?
OH, MY GOD.
WHAT? I-I DIDN'T
TOUCH A GUITAR!
NO, BUT YOU'RE
QUESTIONING MY METHOD.
NO. I'M NOT
QUESTIONING IT, PHOEBE.
I'M SAYING
IT'S STUPID!
WHAT?
THANK YOU.
YOU KNOW, NONE OF
MY OTHER STUDENT
THOUGHT I WAS STUPID!
YOUR OTHER STUDENT
WAS YOU!
YEAH, WELL, YOU KNOW,
MAYBE YOU JUST NEED TO
TRY A LITTLE HARDER.
MAYBE I NEED TO TRY
A REAL TEACHER!
RIGHT HERE. HERE.
ANDY COOPER.
HE TEACHES GUITAR.
AND LOOK. OOH, THERE'S
A NICE PICTURE OF HIM
WITH A LITTLE KID, YEAH.
AND THE KID'S GOT A GUITAR!
FINE!
YOU GO LEARN FROM YOUR...
QUALIFIED INSTRUCTOR!
BUT DON'T COME CRYING TO ME
WHEN EVERYONE
IS SICK AND TIRED
OF HEARING YOU PLAY
"BAD, BAD, LEROY BROWN."
♪ BADDEST MAN
IN THE WHOLE DAMN TOWN... ♪
OH, FINE. TAKE HIS SIDE!
Monica:
I can't wait to be with you.
I'll sneak over
as soon as Ross picks up Ben.
I'll just tell Rachel
I'm going to be doing laundry
for a couple of hours.
Chandler:
Laundry? Huh.
Is that my new nickname?
Monica:
You know what your nickname is,
Mr. Big...
( shrieks )
( phone ringing )
HELLO.
JOEY, IT'S ROSS.
I NEED SOME HELP.
UH, CHANDLER'S NOT HERE.
WELL, YOU CAN HELP ME.
OKAY.
LISTEN, I'M IN
ELIZABETH'S BATHROOM...
NICE.
NO, I GOT REALLY HOT
IN MY LEATHER PANTS
SO I TOOK THEM OFF
BUT THEY MUST HAVE SHRUNK
FROM THE SWEAT OR SOMETHING
OR MY LEGS EXPANDED
FROM THE HEAT.
BUT I CAN'T GET THEM
BACK ON, JOEY.
I CAN'T!
OH, THAT IS QUITE A SITUATION.
UH, DO YOU SEE ANY,
LIKE, POWDER?
POWDER, YEAH, YEAH.
I HAVE POWDER.
Good, good, okay.
SPRINKLE SOME
ON YOUR LEGS.
IT WILL ABSORB SOME
OF THE MOISTURE
AND THEN YOU CAN GET
YOUR PANTS ON.
OKAY, HOLD ON.
THEY'RE NOT COMING ON, MAN.
UM, YOU SEE ANY... OH, VASELINE?
I... I SEE LOTION.
I HAVE LOTION.
WILL THAT WORK?
YEAH, SURE. THROW SOME
OF THAT ON THERE.
Hold on.
ROSS, YOU OKAY?
THEY'RE STILL...
THEY'RE STILL
NOT COMING ON, MAN.
AND THE LOTION AND THE POWDER
HAVE MADE A PASTE.
REALLY?
UH, WHAT COLOR IS IT?
WHAT DIFFERENCE
DOES THAT MAKE?
WELL, IF THE PASTE
MATCHES THE PANTS
YOU CAN MAKE YOURSELF A PAIR
OF PASTE PANTS
AND SHE WON'T KNOW
THE DIFFERENCE.
JOEY, DO YOU
HAVE A MINUTE?
DUDE, WHAT AM I...?
RACHEL'S HERE.
SO GOOD LUCK, MAN.
LET ME KNOW HOW
IT WORKS OUT.
OH, JOEY, I HAVE
SUCH A PROBLEM.
WELL, YOUR TIMING
COULDN'T BE BETTER.
I AM PUTTING OUR FIRES
ALL OVER THE PLACE TODAY.
OKAY, OKAY, OKAY.
JOEY, I HAVE GOT
TO TELL YOU SOMETHING.
WHAT? WHAT IS IT?
WHAT IS IT?
OH, MY GOD,
IT'S SO HUGE.
BUT YOU JUST HAVE
TO PROMISE ME--
YOU CANNOT TELL ANYONE.
NO, NO, NO, NO, NO.
I DON'T WANT TO KNOW.
WHAT?
YES, YES, YES.
YOU DO WANT TO KNOW.
THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE.
I DON'T CARE, RACHE.
LOOK, I AM TIRED
OF BEING THE GUY
WHO KNOWS ALL THE SECRETS
AND CAN'T TELL ANYONE.
YOU KNOW SECRETS?
WHAT ARE THEY?
AND YOU'RE NOT SUPPOSED
TO BE GOSSIPING.
I KNOW, I JUST CAN'T
KEEP THIS ONE IN.
SO I PICK UP THE PHONE...
( loud off-key singing )
♪ LA-LA-LA-LA-LA! ♪
I'M NOT LISTENING
TO YOU.
♪ AH-AH-AH-AH! ♪
♪ AH! ♪
♪ AH... LA-LA-LA-LA! ♪
( screams )
ROSS, UM, YOU'VE BEEN IN THERE
FOR A LONG TIME.
I'M STARTING TO GET
KIND OF FREAKED OUT.
ALL RIGHT,
I'M COMING OUT.
HEY, CAN YOU TURN
THE LIGHTS OFF?
NO.
LET'S JUST LEAVE THE LIGHTS ON.
OH, MY GOD.
I HAD A PROBLEM.
HEY, PHEEBS.
OH, I CAN'T TALK TO YOU.
I DON'T HAVE A FANCY AD
IN THE YELLOW PAGES.
LOOK, PHEEBS, I JUST...
I WANT TO APOLOGIZE
FOR SAYING YOUR
METHOD WAS STUPID
AND MAYBE...
ASK YOU TO BE MY TEACHER AGAIN?
AND-AND I PROMISE
I WON'T TOUCH A GUITAR
UNTIL YOU SAY I'M READY.
YOU REALLY THINK
I'M READY?
UH-HUH.
WOW. COOL!
OKAY.
( dissonant clang )
WAS THE CHORD AT LEAST
RIGHT BEFORE...?
NO.
OH, MY GOD!
WE HEARD ABOUT YOUR PANTS.
I'M SO SORRY.
THIS YEAR WAS SUPPOSED
TO BE GREAT.
WELL, IT'S ONLY
THE SECOND DAY
AND I'M A LOSER
WITH STUPID LEATHER PANTS
THAT DON'T EVEN FIT!
NO, YOU'RE
NOT A LOSER.
( all murmur agreement )
LOOK AT ME!
( squeaks )
HEY, HEY, LOOK.
LOOK, ROSS.
BEN DREW A PICTURE OF YOU.
HUH? YOU'RE A COWBOY.
OH.
BE-BECAUSE OF
THE LEATHER PANTS?
SEE? BEN DOESN'T THINK
YOU'RE A LOSER.
HE THINKS YOU'RE A COWBOY.
I MEAN, THAT'S SOMETHING.
( all murmur agreement )
HOWDY, PARTNER.
HEY-HEY.
MAYBE I SHOULD GET
ANOTHER PAIR.
OOH! YOU KNOW, THEY
HAD SOME WITH, UH...
WITH FRINGE
ALL DOWN THE SIDES.
I'M GOING TO GO
KISS BEN GOOD NIGHT.
I CAN'T BELIEVE
HE THINKS I'M A COWBOY.
I WOULD MAKE A GOOD COWBOY.
OKAY, NOW THAT
EVERYTHING'S
WRAPPED UP HERE
I THINK I'M GOING
TO GO DO MY LAUNDRY.
ME, TOO, YOU KNOW, IF
THIS SHIRT IS DIRTY.
YEP.
HEY, I'M GOING
TO GO, TOO.
I'M GOING TO GO TO THE AIRPORT.
I FIGURE IF I HANG ROUND THERE
LONG ENOUGH
SOMEONE'S BOUND TO LEAVE
ONE OF THOSE PLANES UNATTENDED.
GOOD LUCK, HONEY.
BYE.
( door closes )
WOW.
HEY, UH, JOEY,
REMEMBER THAT BIG THING
I WAS GOING TO TELL YOU ABOUT?
OH, NO.
( singing loud gibberish )
I'M NOT GOING
TO TELL YOU
BUT IF YOU FOUND OUT ON YOUR OWN
THAT WOULD BE OKAY, AND THEN
WE COULD TALK ABOUT IT, RIGHT?
WELL,
THEN IT WOULDN'T BE A SECRET
SO, YEAH, THAT WOULD BE OKAY.
YEAH, YEAH.
YEAH.
HEY, UH, JOE, WOULD
YOU MIND GOING OVER
INTO CHANDLER'S BEDROOM
AND GETTING THAT BOOK BACK
THAT HE BORROWED
FROM ME?
NOW? YOU WANT ME
TO GO OVER THERE NOW?
HMM.
DO YOU KNOW SOMETHING?
I MIGHT KNOW SOMETHING.
I MIGHT KNOW SOMETHING, TOO.
WHAT'S THE THING YOU KNOW?
I CAN'T TELL YOU
TILL YOU TELL ME.
I CAN'T TELL YOU.
OKAY, FINE.
YOU DON'T KNOW.
HOW ABOUT I GO OVER AND
WALK INTO CHANDLER'S BEDROOM
AND SEE THE THING
I THINK THAT I KNOW
IS ACTUALLY THE THING
I THINK THAT I KNOW.
( gasps )
YOU KNOW!
AND YOU KNOW!
YEAH, I KNOW!
CHANDLER AND MONICA?!
OH, THIS IS UNBELIEVABLE!
HOW LONG HAVE YOU KNOWN?!
TOO LONG! OH,
MY GOD, RACHE!
I'VE BEEN DYING TO TALK
TO SOMEONE ABOUT THIS
FOR SO LONG!
BUT LISTEN, LISTEN.
YOU CAN'T SAY
ANYTHING TO ANYBODY.
THEY'RE SO WEIRD ABOUT THAT.
LISTEN...
( yelling )
HEY, PHOEBE!
HEY. IT'S RAINING.
I DON'T LIKE TO FLY
IN THE RAIN, SO...
OH!
I AM GOING TO GO FOR
A WALK IN THE RAIN.
OH, YEAH, ME, TOO.
THAT'S WEIRD.
I BET THEY'RE DOING IT.
OH, GOOD. OKAY, LOOK,
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE.
I CAN'T TAKE IT ANYMORE,
SO YOU WIN, OKAY? HERE.
PHEEBS, FLYING A JET?
BETTER MAKE IT A SPACESHIP
SO YOU CAN GET BACK
TO YOUR HOME PLANET.
AND ROSS,
PHONE CALL FOR YOU TODAY.
TOM JONES--
HE WANTS HIS PANTS BACK!
AND "HORNSWOGGLE"?
WHAT ARE YOU-- DATING
A CHARACTER FROM FRAGGLE ROCK?
[Captioned by
The Caption Center
WGBH Educational Foundation]